Document required entry_id (#2436)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-11-01-reauth-reconfigure-entry-id.md

---
author: epenet
authorURL: https://github.com/epenet
title: "Reauth and reconfigure flows need to be linked to a config entry"
---

> Starting a reauth or a reconfigure flow without a link to the config entry has been deprecated.

Reviewer: Add an example of how a flow is started correctly after this statement.

Reviewer: Then say what custom integrations need to do and how long time the deprecation period is.

> This will be done automatically in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The correct linking will be done automatically in the following cases:
```
